i was lowballing the whole college thing
like my parents were gonna make me go
but i was trying to like
getting out of there as quickly as
possible
for my high school in ohio where i
graduated there was a graduation
requirement you had to take a class
called
life management where they basically
taught you how to play it safe they
taught you to
check the job market check the salary
when you're picking your major for
college
so for me that was a really big
attraction that
drew me to community college this is a
way for me to compromise with not only
myself but my parents who really wanted
me to go to a four-year but
i think now they're happy that i didn't
because it's way cheaper
and my grades are a lot better than they
probably would have been if i went
straight to a four-year to be honest
i think i probably would have dropped
out don't do what you want to do
do what you think is going to pay off
and you're going to be able to find a
stable
job with which i guess it's like it's
smart it's like good advice
like you don't want to pick something
that you can never get a job for
but because of that i wanted to major in
i wanted to become a dental hygienist
and there's nothing wrong with that at
all
i but the reason why i picked that major
was
hey i don't have to work a ton of hours
a week
you can do it part-time hey you make
decent money
for an associate's degree hey there's a
lot of available jobs for this
that's how i picked my major and i
thought i was so smart for this i was
like oh
heck yeah like this is going to be
perfect i'll be out of college in a
couple years you know i won't even have
to get a bachelor's for this because
i was lowballing the whole college thing
like my parents were gonna make me go
but i was trying to like
getting out of there as quickly as
possible this is a video i never thought
in a million years i would be making
right now
but in a weird way i almost knew that
this was coming
i was going to school and reading which
was like a good six hours from the city
i drove like six plus hours to pick her
up from the airport and where we were
basically supposed to stay was at this
motel
with two other strippers who she was
gonna be dancing there with and pretty
much what got me started was i had a
friend she lived out of state she was a
stripper i just thought that she had the
coolest job ever
i was living vicariously through her
every time she would tell me stories i
was like that's so awesome you don't
have to wake up for like 8 a.m classes
you could just sleep in it was
almost as if the universe was telling me
i shouldn't be in school these weren't
things that i was deciding to have
happen on my own they were
circumstances way outside of my control
obviously it was my decision to actually
drop
out of school but i didn't foresee this
happening i wasn't trying to get to this
point i did genuinely try to stick it
out i was kind of put in the position
where it was like
okay but do i stay here alone at the
motel which is like really sketchy
or do i go make some money with them and
initially i think that i thought i could
just go and watch but what i didn't know
was that at this club it was 21 plus
but to work there you only had to be
over 18 so basically the only way that i
could even stay there was if i was
hired there like if i was also a dancer
and i was going through a lot at this
time like i'm not even going to bore you
with the details but i was going through
some boy drama like i had just gotten
out of a couple different breakups and
just feeling really down on myself and
kind of like
heartbroken i was just in this phase
where i was like i don't even care
like you know what you know what like
what do i have to lose right and as you
guys know i have severe adhd which makes
it extremely hard for me to concentrate
in school as it is and i take medication
for it i take concerta the highest dose
that you can get prescribed
stimulant medications are far more
dangerous
than most practitioners and published
experts seem to realize
animals and humans cross addicted to
methylphenidate
amphetamine and cocaine these drugs
affect the same three neurotransmitter
systems in the same parts
of the brain it should have been no
surprise when nadine lambert presented
data the consensus development
conference attached
indicating that the prescribed stimulant
use in childhood
predisposes the individual to cocaine
abuse
in young adulthood furthermore their
addiction and abuse potential
is based on the capacity of these drugs
to drastically and permanently change
brain chemistry
studies of amphetamine show that
short-term clinical doses
produce brain cell death similar studies
of this drug
known as ritalin and by other trade
names
show long-lasting and sometimes
permanent changes
in the biochemistry of the brain and as
you guys know i have severe adhd which
makes it extremely hard for me to
concentrate in school as it is and i
take medication for it i take concerta
the highest dose that you can get
prescribed for that and with concerta
you're not really supposed to drink
alcohol
mix other substances that sort of thing
because your heart rate will go crazy
like if you don't have adhd people will
use this recreationally to get hot and
everyone kept making fun of me because
i was like 19 i'd barely drink alcohol
so long island iced teas which get you
messed up and i didn't know that at the
time also adios
like i learned a lot about honestly
alcoholic beverages and i don't mean
that from like a drinking standpoint but
like i could be a freaking bartender
because i
learned so many of the drinks from doing
this and they let you drink at the bar
like these guys would just be buying me
drinks and the guy that i sat and ate a
salad with i think he ordered me ice
cream too like i seriously just went
down the menu and got whatever i wanted
he handed me 300
for eating with him and a psychiatrist
told me that i have severe anxiety and
she could not believe that i had never
been diagnosed with this it was
amazing the next day we got our nails
done you know we slept in till like the
afternoon
and i had money to blow like i had never
been in this position before
like i really could just buy whatever i
kind of wanted so throughout my life
as i mentioned i've always had adhd and
i guess a lot of the things that i
associated with my adhd
were actually symptoms of anxiety as
well the number of children on these
drugs
has continued to escalate a recent study
in virginia
indicated that up to 20 percent of white
boys in the fifth grade were receiving
stimulant drugs during the day
from school officials another study from
north carolina
showed that 10 of children were
receiving stimulant drugs at home
or in school the rates for boys were not
disclosed
but probably exceeded 15 percent with 53
million children enrolled in school
probably more than 5 million are taking
stimulant drugs
a recent report in the journal of the
american medical association by zito and
her colleagues
has demonstrated a three-fold increase
in the prescription of stimulants
to two to four year old toddlers
all stimulants impair growth not only by
suppressing appetite
but also by disrupting growth hormone
production this poses a threat to every
organ in the body
including the brain during the child's
growth
the disruption of neurotransmitter
systems adds to this threat
and that's another thing a lot of these
girls are on drugs
but i'm not trying to like stereotype
strippers because a lot of people
in life in general are on drugs but yeah
a lot of the customers in there are
doing coke and a lot of the girls are
doing coke with them
this club i don't even know how they
hired me like i was just some bootlegged
chick off the street who had no
experience like this club was nice like
girls were flying out to go to this club
and work there
for example with my adhd it's very easy
for me to forget things so i'm
constantly making to-do lists and
writing things down
and i will get myself so anxious
thinking i'm going to forget something
that's anxiety or
when i'm trying to focus and concentrate
on something which is hard for me
because of my adhd my anxiety is just
worrying about
all these other things i need to do and
i'm going to forget about realizing that
i've had anxiety my whole life has
actually made a lot of sense and i can't
believe i didn't realize this sooner
since the early 1990s north america has
turned to psychoactive drugs in
unprecedented numbers for the control of
children
in november 1999 the u.s drug
enforcement administration
warned about a record six-fold increase
in ritalin production
between 1990 and 1995.
in 1995 the international narcotics
control board
and agency of the world health
organization deplored that
10 to 12 percent of all boys between the
ages of 6 and 14 in the united states
have been diagnosed as having add and
are being treated
with this drug commonly known as ritalin
in march of 1997 the board declared
quote
the therapeutic use of methylphenidate
is now under scrutiny by the american
medical community
the incb welcomes this close quote
the united states uses approximately 90
percent
of the world's ritalin
my sling is editorial explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me